# 1 Ra • Enlightening
First  sun  god, “He  who  rises  up,  climbing  high  in  the sky”.  Life  and  prosperity  come  from  the  Sun  and  its heat. Its symbol is the Eye of  Ra, also associated with the meaning of  the “third eye”. The energy of  Ra is vital, the source  of creative  growth. This  deity  instils clarity  and transparency. There  is  nothing to fear  under  the  influ-ence of  Ra: he helps you to heal wounds and  restore lost harmony,  but  with  action.  Above all,  he  advises you to abandon  the  subterfuges  of the  Moon  and  to act  boldly and  in  the full  light of  day.

# 2 Amon-Ra • Creation
He  is the  most  powerful  cosmic deity, as he  is the  king of  all gods in the Egyptian  Pantheon. He was born from the  fusion  of the  god “Ra” of Heliopolis with  the  main Theban  deity:  “Amon”,  Amon-Ra  is  the  creator  of  all things. Symbol  of intelligence and  creativity,  he  is  like fire,  rapid  and  often  unexpected.  If  this  card  appears to you,  you  have all  the  skills to obtain  what  you want: intellectual and  practical skills for achieving your objec-tives. He  indicates a flourishing period, skills in  public relations, ideas and intentions which take concrete form; perhaps even  a sudden falling in  love, a  new beginning or a love story that takes shape.

# 3 Shu  • Order and  Peace
Primordial  God, son  of Amon-Ra, who  personifies the air,  the  wind  but  also the  light  that  broke the  primordial darkness.  His  name  means “He who rises”. Shu  is commonly portrayed with an ostrich feather on his head. The ostrich  feather  is a symbol of lightness and  purity: the air  meaning breath  of life and  cooling breeze. This card  advises  you  to  adopt  a  more  disciplined  form  of behaviour. Try to avoid uncontrolled impulses of  desires and  passions. The  time  has come to lighten  and  re-bal-ance your life. Respect rules with greater responsibility.

# 4 Nut • Understanding 

Goddess  of  the  sky  and  celestial  bodies.  She  swallows the setting sun  and  gives birth  to it in  the  morning. Her immense  naked  body covered with  stars  is stretched  out to  form  an  arch  that  towers over  the  whole  earth.  Her arched  position  clearly shows  her  power in  the  sky  and over  the  celestial  objects. Her  nakedness  represents  the purification of the soul. The stars that cover her symbol-ise the resurrection, the great light that illuminates. Your life is a  mysterious journey. You have reached  this  point and  Nut  wants  to  help  you  to  understand  your  purpose and  your destiny.  Press on  with  confidence  because  now you  “know” that  there  will  be  favourable  events  on  the horizon, and  you might achieve your desired objectives.

# 5 Geb • Prosperity
God  of the  earth  and  all  animals. He  is  usually depict-ed  lying  on  the  ground,  with  plants  and  fruit  on  his body, or as a bearded man  with a goose on  his head, the emblem  representing  the  hieroglyph  of  his  name.  Geb symbolises wealth, fertility and abundance of  nature, but also  its  most  feared  forces.  With  Geb  you  can  trust  in slow  but  constant development, such  as  the  realization of a  project or  the  conclusion  of a  program. You might experience extremely pleasant, tranquil and tender emo-tions, full of harmony and  moral  integrity.

# 6 Osiris • Death and Rebirth
He  is  the  eldest  son  of  Geb  and  Nut.  He  is  often  de-picted  as  a  mummy  with  black  or  green  skin,  which symbolises  the  vital  spirit  of  the  earth  and  vegetation. Osiris is a just, compassionate god: he  is the  god of  suf-fering, victims and the oppressed, and as such  he suffers with  mortals. All the  power of  fertility and  reproduction resides  within  him:  the  cycle of death  and  rebirth. He presages  the  end  of a  cycle, of  a  family  relationship or friendship.  Welcome  a  new  situation  with  confidence, even if  it is different from what you have experienced up to  now.  Abandon  the  old  order.  And  always remember to be thankful for  your  life, day after day, whether it  is good or  bad.  Only  in  this way will  honour  and  luck  be your companions.

# # 7 Isis • Faith  and  Wisdom
Sister and wife of  Osiris, she is compared to the Mother Goddess. Her  name  means “throne”; in fact, she  is  rep-resented with a  headdress in  the shape of  a throne. She is  revered as the  ideal  mother and  wife. She  is the  pro-tectress of  sinners and the oppressed, and the goddess of motherhood, fertility and  Great Magic. As a conveyor of serenity in  love, Isis invites you to reflect on  the  themes of  faith, knowledge, fidelity, purity and silence. Learn to work  on  keeping secrets  and  trust  in  faith.  By  keeping secrets you learn to protect and to bear great responsibil-ities, such as the secret knowledge of  the duality between the  material  universe and  the spiritual universe.

# 8 Seth  • Resentment
Seth  is  the  one  who,  out  of  jealousy, dismembered  his brother  Osiris  into  fourteen  parts,  scattering  them  in the  Nile  to  prevent  their  resurrection.  He  is  identified as  an  evil  deity  and  a  bringer  of  chaos,  desert, storms and disorder. He is depicted with a human  body and the head  of an  enigmatic animal  with  a  long  curved  snout that  resembles that  of an  okapi. His  name  derives from “place”,  “established”  (by  God).  Seth  puts  you  on  your guard.  You  may  experience  unexpected  accidents,  mo-ments of  restlessness or resentment, conflicts or instabil-ity  in  emotional or commercial  relationships. Moderate any attacks of uncontrolled anger. Remember: never  re-sort to revenge in  your life!

# 9 Horus • Stability and Equilibrium
He  is  represented  as  a  hawk  or  a  hawk-headed  man. His  name  means  “the  distant one”: the  falcon,  with  its majestic soaring and swooping in  the sky. During a con-frontation  with  the  god  Seth,  Horus  lost  his  left  eye, which  was  then  healed  by  the  god  Thot.  The  eye  was given  the  name  of  the  “Eye  of  Horus”.  He  embodies universal order and  harmony. Put  your  trust in  the  god Horus, because everything will turn out fine, as with the albeit painful loss of  false friends. On the physical plane, you will  be  wrapped  in  harmony.  His  presence  advises you  to show  more  awareness  in  the  way you  pay atten-tion  to  your  life.  He  helps  you  to  transform  all  things from  an  inferior to superior level.

# 10 Nefhti • Meditation
Wife of  Seth  and  younger sister  of  Isis, goddess of the underworld  and  of death  in  general.  Her  name  means “Lady of  the  House”,  which  indicates  that  she  is  the Lady of  the Temple, with  reference to her  priestly func-tions. She  represents the  access road to sanctuaries and the  horizon.  Nefthi  protects  humans  and  their  souls in  the  moment  of  passing  away. Obstacles,  losses,  or painful  events may arise  unexpectedly and  irreversibly. Learn  that  through  reflection  everything  can  be  fully transformed  and  developed. Your ability  to continue  to rise up depends only on your own conscience.

# 11 Anubis • Transformation
He is the  protector of  tombs, the embalmer of  the dead, who accompanies souls  into the  afterlife to weigh their hearts  and  ferry  them  from  the  earthly  world  into  the presence of  Osiris. Anubis is portrayed as a jackal-head-ed man. He symbolises the  renewal of  life itself, rebirth and  regeneration. You are  about  to  end  a  cycle or  you are  already  experiencing  a  new  one:  probable  disap-pointments, collapse of affections, losses. Do not  worry, Anubis  will  accompany  you and  guide  you during  the transformation  of elements.  Nothing will  return  to the way it  was before,  inevitably everything is  transformed but all you can do is create a new life in a new form.

# 12 Thot  • Wholeness
Human-shaped deity with  the  head  of an  ibis or  in  the form  of  a  baboon,  moon  god, symbol  of wisdom,  “Lord of  Time”. He is the  protector of  scribes and  the inventor of writing, the  god of magic, clairvoyance and  laws.  He assists  Anubis  in  judging  souls  and  reaching  decisions on their fate. You are  required to show self-discipline as this is the  key to success in  making progress. Learn  how to  use  intelligent  resources  if  you  want  to  successfully complete certain  enterprises.  Learn  to  be  whole  and  to reject immoral tendencies; be impartial in  all the things you do, if you want to pursue a complete and  just life.

# 13 Maat  • Truth  and  Fairness
Goddess  of  harmony,  justice  and  truth.  She  is  usually depicted  as  a  young woman  with  wings or  holding the sceptre of power, a symbol of  eternal life. She  wears an ostrich feather on  her  head, a symbol of  lightness. Maat also  represents  universal  order. All  existence  moves on the  basis of the  principle of  justice, interpreted as a law that  must  be observed. It is time for  recovery and  resto-ration. You may receive rewards for certain right actions but also punishments and consequences for wrong ones. Remember that  happiness can only be achieved through fairness, righteousness and  moderation.

# 14 Hator • Intelligence
She  is  the  Mother  of all  women, She  is  the  goddess  of love, passion and  beauty: her  parties are orgies of intox-ication, joy and  music. She  is also associated with child-birth, delivery and children. She is portrayed as a young woman  with  cow  horns  on  her  head;  the  sun  disc  is placed between the  horns which is why she is also called the  “Divine  Cow”.  But  she  also  has  a  destructive  side. Try  to  create  pleasant situations, and  make  the  most of the  moments  you  experience.  In  love,  Hator  helps  to intensify sexuality,  the  senses,  the  explosion  of  life,  of everything capable  of being  born.  Increase of wealth  in all areas, especially material ones.

# 15 Ptah  • Skill
God and  patron of  craftsmen and architects as well as of knowledge and  know-how. He  is an  engineer,  bricklay-er, blacksmith and artist. He is depicted as a mummified man with a beard, holding the Ankh sceptre, the symbol of  life, and the Djed staff  of  power, a symbol of  stability. Ptah  provides you with  the state of  effortless concentra-tion.  Bringing you lightness  and  familiar skill,  he  will make it easy for you to perform all manner of  operations. Under his influence and through serene objectivity, you have  the  chance  to  transform  your  work  into  play and develop the  power of mental development,  the ability to transform  things or the capacity to awaken  passions but also to dominate them.

# 16 Bastet • Passion
Cat-headed female deity or portrayed as a black cat. Sun goddess, she  personifies  the  beneficial  heat  of the  sun. Protectress of  the  house and  cats. Goddess of  prosperity and  wealth.  She  represents  sensuality  and  tenderness, charm and generosity, love and passion, desire and  plea-sure. Maybe you should take a break from  your routine and  reconnect with  nature and with  yourself. Live your life with  more fullness and  passion. It  lies within  your ability to develop seduction  and  passion. You could get great satisfaction in any area of  your life and experience moments full of   joy and satisfaction.

# 17 Sekhmet • Justice
Lioness-headed female goddess with a sun disc on  her head. Sekhmet is the  divinity of war, epidemics but  also the  pro-tectress  of  forms  of  healing.  She  is  the  expression  of  the duality between disease and  healing, chaos and order, water and fire, the two elements from which  matter and spirit are obtained. Sekhmet brings order and punishes those who dis-obey divine  law. You have  the  opportunity to  reconcile  the opposing  energies.  Remember  that  all  the  chickens  come home  to  roost.  Every  person  must  experience  the  conse-quences of  their actions, for better or for worse. Every action or  thought generates  a  consequence.  Proceed  more  calmly and  patiently. Avoid extremes. Be  your  own  magician,  bal-ance your will  and  your goals. Be just and  be fair. Learn to judge and criticise constructively, without hurting others.

# 18 Khepri • Change
God  of  the  Sun’s  daily  rebirth  and  of  cyclical  renewal. Represented  by  a  scarab,  Khepri  is  black  as  darkness, the  beginning  of  all  things.  He  symbolises  the  trans-formation  of  humans  in  their  stages: life-death-rebirth, the  victory  of  light  over  darkness,  of  life  over  death, the  becoming,  the  generative  power  symbol  of  rebirth. His  appearance  might  announce  the  end  of  a  cycle, a breakdown,  disappointments  or  the  wrecking  of  affec-tions.  But  everything  is  constantly  changing,  like  day and  night,  and  Khepri  encourages  you  to  get  up  every day  with  the  light  of faith  and  hope  because  after  the night a new day always dawns.

# 19 Mut • Being Ordinary
Her  name  means  “mother”. She  is depicted as a wom-an  wearing a golden  headdress in  the  likeness of  a vul-ture.  Mut  is  the  mother  of ail  things,  and  is  associat-ed  with  the  primordial  waters  of  the  God  Nun,  from whom everything in the world was born. She symbolises permanent  creation.  She  establishes  the  conservation of things.  Mut  will  offer you her  necessary presence  if you put  your  whole  heart  into  working  to  give benefit and  advantage to your home and  your family. You will only facilitate the production and  increase of  wealth, es-pecially material  goods, by maintaining  respectful  and regular behaviour on  a daily basis, through enthusiasm and dedication.

# 20 Khonsu • Hermitage
God of  the moon, time and  knowledge. His name means “traveller”,  “the  wanderer”.  Khonsu  is  the  admiral  of human destinies. He  is depicted as a  mummified young child. He represents the synthesis of  the beauty of  youth, the  archetype  of  youthful  amazement  and  spontaneity. Like other child deities, he symbolises the potential that lies in  all  of us. Be open  to new  ideas and  be brave and bold  in  facing  up  to  the  unknown  that  presents  itself to  you.  Possibility  of  journeys  that  take  you  away from your  “comfort  zone”.  In  love  you  may  experience  new favourable beginnings.

# 21 Khnum • Resourcefulness
He  is  often  represented  with  a  human  body and  the head  of  a  ram.  He  is  considered  the  divine  maker  of pots: he gives life to his creations by modelling them on a lathe with clay from the Nile; he also shaped the egg of creation. He is a deity associated with  male fertility and procreative potency, fire,  inherent in  the symbol of the ram.  In  breathing new life into  things,  Khnum  is seen as a  health giver. New, positive beginnings or the  birth of  something powerful and  inspiring in  your life, lie on the horizon for you, such as the creation and production of  new things. Action and resourcefulness under the in-fluence of Khnum are bearers of  fruits.

# 22 Anuket • Hope
She is depicted as a woman with a high  headdress made of  reeds  or  ostrich  feathers;  more  rarely  she  is  repre-sented in the form of  a gazelle. Being the goddess of  the Nile,  she  is  linked  to  its floods, which  bring  nourish-ment, fertility and prosperity to the earth. This is where she  gets  her  name:  “She  who surrounds”,  that  is,  her invasion of  the lands that embrace every being to bring fertility  and  happiness.  She  represents  the  generosity that gives rise to life. Trust in  the  protection of  Anuket who will guide you and  bolster your courage, who gives
you  intensity  and  hope,  even  when  renunciations  and sacrifices arise. Remember  that  hope is in  the  heart  of the optimist.

# 23 Sobek • Union and  Power
This  is an  ambivalent divinity, both  malignant and  be-nign.  His  ferocity  is  able  to  ward  off  evil  and  at  the same time defend  the  innocent. His  name derives from “unite” (the dismembered limbs of  Osiris). Sobek is usu-ally portrayed as a crocodile or a crocodile-headed man. He  heals the souls who were wounded or  killed  in  bat-tle, restoring their  health, sight and all their senses. He represents  the  authority  of decision-making  power and action  and  the  implementation  of  projects. Under  the influence of  Sobek, you have a sound  base on which  to build  large  business-like enterprises.  Do not stop: your effort will bear fruit and allow you to gain  power.

# 24 Taweret • Genesis
She  is  the  Great  Protectress  of  pregnant  women  and children, who is vigilant even in  her sleep. Goddess de-picted with the features of  a pregnant hippo with human breasts, standing on  two legs and  with  a crocodile’s tail on  her  back.  She  is  considered  the  mother  of  the  Sun and  collaborates in  his  daily  rebirth, as well as  helping the  deceased  to be  reborn  to a  new  life. She symbolises everything  that  leads  to  the  generation  of  things  and their  appearance. You could  start  some  new  projects or have news on  the way. The birth of  something new. The arrival of  a new life or the beginning of  a relationship in your  life,  both  in  the  beginning phase and  in  the  sense of  a bond that is welded, such  as a  marriage.

# 25 Hapy • Renewal
He  represents  the  liquid  and  turbulent  element.  He symbolises  the  fertility  of  the  land,  the  abundance  of crops and life renewed by the annual flood of  the  River Nile  which  brings fauna  and  vegetation: “The  Lord of fish,  birds  and  swamps”.  Hapy  is  portrayed  as  a  man with  a large belly and  large female  breasts, a symbol of fertility.  Follow the  divine  light  along  the  direction  of passions.  It  is  time  to  fully  experience  everything  the world  has to offer you. Go with  the flow and  live more intensely!  Hapy  heralds  a  renewal,  a  new life and  new paths  to go down. You could acquire  imminent fortune in the field of  trade.

# 26 Neith • Perseverance
A unique, great and  mysterious divinity. Mother of  the Universe, of the  Sun  Ra, conceived while  remaining a virgin. Warrior and  hunting goddess, creator of  warrior weapons and  guardian  of  the  dead  in  battle,  but  also protectress  of  peace at  home,  of  weaving, a  deity  that wove the whole world and existence. She  represents de-termination,  challenges,  intelligence  and  knowledge of the truth. Neith guides you in achieving a goal. Do not give  up  hope.  Neith  urges  you  to  persevere.  She  will protect you if put your heart into working hard  and in-telligently.

# 27 Satet • Fruitfulness
She  is  depicted  as  a  woman  with  the  crown  of  Upper Egypt with  two gazelle  horns on  top.  Her  name  derives from  “She  who  pours”,  which  symbolises  the  floods  of the  River Nile, or “She who  runs like an arrow”, that  is the  current of  the  flowing  river;  in  fact  she  represents natural  forces  and  phenomena.  As  goddess  of  fertility, she  could  signal  to  you  the  successful  start  of  a  new project, or a  new job. If you are  in  search  of love, Satet can  help you and answer your wishes. If you are already in  a  relationship,  she  can  bring  you  stability  or  even marriage, because she  protects new  projects.

# 28 Huh • Exploration
He  is  represented  with   his  arms  raised  with  a  palm branch  in  each  hand  and  a smaller one as a  headdress. He  is  called  the  “god of  millions of  years”,  because  he is the  personification of  infinity or eternity: with  respect to  the  deceased,  he  grants  “millions  of  years  in  the  af-terlife”.  He  symbolises  individuality  and  the  desire  for inner  searching. If you are  going  through  a  moment of profound  crisis,  have faith,  take  things  as  they  are  and take  your  time.  You are  destined  to  evolve. It  will  be a slow, profound movement, which  needs time for you and the  circumstances  to  reach  maturity.  Slowness  advises you  to  be  prudent,  reserved,  discreet  and  patient  and have a sense of  duty.

# 29 Heka • Alchemical Force
Heka  is the god of magic, and  also of healing medicine. The  universe was created thanks to magic, and  life also depends on it. He is a god who has no origins. His name means “the first work”. Heka reveals himself in the feel-ings of  human beings and expresses himself  in their lan-guage. He offers determination in order to dominate and the  capacity  to  create. The  alchemist  purifies  base  and raw materials to turn them into gold. Giving you vitality, energy,  magnetism  and  strength  at all  levels,  he  allows you  to  successfully  develop  your  accomplishments.  He has appeared to you to give you the ability to control in any direction or to dominate all the elements.

# 30 Ammut • Devastation
God  of  hell  and  the  afterlife.  Hybrid  figure  of  a  lion, crocodile  and  hippopotamus,  which  devours  the  souls and  hearts of those who made mistakes in  life: excessive pride,  presumption, greed, eagerness for  conquest. Am-mut  represents  the  consequences of  past  mistakes.  You may have to face a drastic change, with  the  elimination of  the  lifestyle  you  were  used  to,  or  a  crisis  with  your partner  or  a  painful  breakup  with  the  consequent  col-lapse of  your defences. But everything can  be resolved if you  reflect as soon  as  possible on  the  solutions to  bring about  a  positive  change.  You  can  give  rise  to  a  totally new recovery. Change your perspective, and  take up new positions.

# 31 Seshat • Wisdom
Her  name  means “the scribe”.  Deity -  teacher of arith-metic,   astronomy,  astrology  and   architecture.  She   is depicted  dressed  in  a  priestly  leopard  skin  and  with  a banner on her head supporting a seven-pointed star. She is the  patroness of  scribes and  builders and  is the  most cultured  of  the  Egyptian  divinities. She  symbolises  the manifestation  of  intelligence.  Seshat  reveals  herself  to you to illuminate your path of knowledge on the  mental plane.  Her  presence  strengthens  your  courage,  sharp-ness  and  hope.  Although  you  may  have  to  endure  sac-rifices  and  renunciations,  go forward  and  trust  in  her profound knowledge.

# 32 Mertseger • Righteousness
Her  name  means  “She who  loves silence”. More often depicted as a snake with a woman’s head, it is a presence that  watches silently  and  punishes  evildoers  with  poi-son,  Divinity of  a terrible nature but  merciful with  her devotees: she punishes sacrilege and those who break an oath, but is equally generous in forgiving those who are sincerely repentant. She symbolises authority and  intel-ligence, key words for a full and peaceful life. Mertseger puts you on your guard against a few people you do not know well, who might bring cruelty, malice, deceit and conflict. Scrutinise in silence and stay alert.

# 33 Seikis • Healing
Divinity  of  magic  and  occult  powers. She  is  depicted  as a  woman  with  a scorpion  on  her  head,  her  symbol. She possesses absolute power over all poisonous creatures, be-cause  she  represents  the  poison  and  the  antidote  at  the same  time,  just  like  them.  Like  the  scorpion,  she  is  the sign of  death and rebirth, “She who gives the kiss of  death and the breath of  new life”. You need to cross the thresh-old  in  order  to  come  to  a  new  life. Seikis  invites you  to recognize  and  accept  your  dual  (benign  and  malignant) nature. Learn to control your poisonous side, giving space to that  part of  you that  has the capacity to heal.

# 34 Apophis • Darkness
He  is  depicted  as  a  gigantic  python  that  dwells  in  the bowels of  the  earth  where  the  sunlight  does  not  filter through.  Apophis  is  the  embodiment  of  darkness,  evil and  Chaos.  Dark  enemy  of  the  Sun  god  Ra,  bearer  of light; he comes into action in all the stages of  Ra’s celes-tial journey in order to obstruct him, from dawn to dusk. But the existence of  Apophis is necessary for the balance of  the world itself: the ancestral clash between Good and Evil,  the  struggle  between  two  opposing  energies  with the  risk of  a no  return. Apophis threatens your balance. If  you  live  in  blindness,  the  path  you  take  is  opposite to that  which  is  right.  Immediately reverse your course and empty yourself so as to become a recipient of  forces, before reaching the  point of no return!

# 35 Mehen • Protection
He is a beneficial serpent-god, the guardian of  the solar barque  of  Ra,  whose  name  means  “he  who  is  coiled”. The  sacred  Mehen  shields the  god Ra during  his  jour-neys on  the  solar  barque  protecting  him  from  the  evil serpent Apophis. He carefully protects Ra’s  journey also to  allow  him  to  be  reborn  at  every sunrise  and  defeat death.  It  is  envisaged  that  a  time  of  conflict  is  on  its way to you. You will  have to fight,  be alert to  maintain your position, but do not fear: Mehen’s powerful energy ensures you great protection against external attacks and to come out victorious and relieved.

# 36 Nefertum • Completeness
His name means “Perfect, without equal”. He is the god of  perfumes  who  relieves suffering and  also  the  god of immortality.  He  is  represented  as  a  young  boy dressed in a simple skirt with a lotus flower on  his head, a sym-bol of birth  and  regeneration,  and  for  this  reason  he  is the  deity  of “sweet smells”.  He  represents the  complete fusion with  the  universe, the  ultimate success, the com-pleteness,  triumph  in  initiatives,  the  fullness  of  one’s own  energies.  Follow the  heavenly  directions  and  you will have the right reward and the right place in a high-er spiritual hierarchy. Remember that the initiate is the one who carries the seed of Light within  him.
